---
layout: default
title: Dallas Geek Night
---

Come and work on an Open Source project with friends and strangers.  There are plenty of languages, technologies and to choose from that are regularly developed at Geek Night.  Maybe you have an open source project that you're looking for some help with.  Typically we are going to want to do this with pair programming and in a test driven development (TDD) style.

ThoughtWorks pays for pizza and nibbles, and sodas. See "getting there":getting-there.html for getting to the venue in Addison, North Dallas. 

Roll up at 5:40pm or later, maybe with your own laptop if you have one. We generally carry on to 9:30pm.

Click on "future events":future/ for what we're doing next.  If you want to modify the pages before the event, the workflow is:
1) Make a fork of the "dallasgeeknight":http://github.com/dallasgeeknight/dallasgeeknight.github.com Github project.
2) Push your local changes to your fork, issue a pull request to us.

h1. Regular projects

"Updatecontrols":http://updatecontrols.codeplex.com, "Correspondence":http://correspondence.codeplex.com and "NanusNook":http://github.com/mallardsoft/NanasNook : Michael Perry has been working on these for some years, and further improves them at GeekNight now.  C# for the .Net platform.

"SimpleParticles":http://github.com/BillSchofield/simpleParticles is a particle framework for iPhone/iPad games.  Bill Schofield started this Objective-C project at Geek Night in Dallas and has been pushing it ever since.

"Compalgo":http://github.com/yujunliang/Compalgo Yujun Liang has a Google-Collection like way of composing algorithms in Java, and has been pushing it forward at Geek Night. Most recently he and his pair have integrated JBehave 3.0.

"JProxyGen":http://github.com/facetnated/JProxyGen Richard Jensen pushes this code generator technology for Java.

"Fermata":http://github.com/scsibug/fermata is a Scala/Lift webapp for testing applications that send email.  Messages are stored and can be inspected, stored, linked into your bug-tracker.  Greg Heartsfield started this, and has been working with Dhruv Chandna on it for several GeekNights.
